Who the hell are you?
What is the relationship with Qinghe?
I am Qinghe's aunt
aunt
How come I've never seen you before?
Qinghe never said that he had an aunt
Qinghe won't let me tell anyone about him
Especially his mother
Chen Jiasheng
Chen Hui's uncle is also the Governor of Red Dust
In the red dust, it can be said to cover the sky with one hand
Don't be afraid.
Just say it.
But the governor of Hongcheng saw us, General Ye
Only worthy of kneeling and talking
Really, then you
I said I'm Qinghe's aunt
If Qinghe suffered any grievances in the Chen family
I will definitely fall for his peach tree
Ok I tell you
See for yourself
You must save Qinghe
He is so pitiful.
That Chen Hui is a beast
Sun Shangxiang is a devil
Since marriage
Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang scolded him if they didn't agree with each other
The injuries on his body are simply too numerous to count
But even so
Are you afraid that you will implicate Aunt Mu?
So he never dared to tell anyone
You have to endure it even if you grit your teeth
Goddamn thing
Hui's company is in a bit of trouble
He has been in a bad mood recently.
I accidentally touched Qinghe's blood while mopping the floor
He relentlessly slapped Xiaohui a few times
Xiaohui's hair hit the table
There was a lot of blood
Is Qinghe like this?